Undefined Particle mass now returns np.nan instead of raising exception (#1548)
PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy: changelog/1548.feature.rst

> Updated the return value of the ``mass`` method of `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Particle`
> to return np.nan, rather than raising a MissingParticleDataError, when the mass is unavailable
> (e.g. for neutrinos or elements with no standard atomic weight).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the return value of the `~plasmapy.particles.particle_class.Particle.mass`
attribute of |Particle| to return |nan| kg, rather than a |MissingParticleDataError|, when 
the mass is unavailable (e.g. for neutrinos or elements with no standard atomic weight).
```
This should make it link to the docstring for `Particle.mass`.  I also applied some reST substitutions that we've defined in `docs/common_links.rst`.
